keyboard shortcuts page: update the region focus shortcuts on mac (#654)
gristlabs/grist-help: help/en/docs/accessibility.md

## Screen readers

!!! warning "Note"

>     Screen reader compatibility in Grist is currently a work-in-progress as of 2026. "Beta" support is available since version 1.7.14.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Screen reader compatibility in Grist is currently a work-in-progress, with beta support as of version 1.7.14.
```
